---
layout: post
title:      "Was Coding Made for Me?!"
date:       2020-04-30 13:35:47 +0000
permalink:  was_coding_made_for_me
---


 As I'm coming up on my first project, I've been reflecting on everything I've learned so far. While it's easy to be hard on myself because I'm struggling on something, or don't fully understand something; I have to remind myself to think back to what I knew 5 weeks ago. As someone who googles things roughly 73 times a day (I have a problem with needing to know the most random topics), I don't think I ever realized how much googling and problem solving are involved with coding. Seeing what I was searching in March vs what I've been looking up now, it gave me the confidence/motivational boost I neeeded after having a rough week. In a matter of weeks my google history went from being filled with "Lily Allen and Alfie Allen related", "Watch Marvel Movies in chronological order" or " #{random_youtube_star} net worth" to "Hashes in Ruby" and "Ruby TicTacToe" to  "Ruby object orienated explained" and "Using uniq method Ruby". When I'm not working on my lessons and labs, I'm doing CodeWars, Codeacademy, or watching different software developers and engineers on Youtube; my life is literally all things tech right now and I'm loving it! 
 
After taking leave from work for a few weeks due to the pandemic, I go back to work next week. So my life is going to be elevators and tech come Monday, but I ~guess ~ I can share my brain for a few months. It's interesting though, I never thought I'd find any similarities between elevators and coding but they're a lot more alike than you would think. For instance, when our repair guys are trying to figure out why an elevator is shut down, they read something on the controllers (brains of the elevator) called faults. The faults have an error message on them and the guys need to figure out what's wrong from there. Since part of my training was actually working on elevators, I'm reminded of this a lot when I'm trying to correct the error messages in my own code. I never would've thought I could find a relation between the two fields, but now that I have, I actually have a deeper understanding and respect of the industry than before. I just feel bad for those field guys now when they get an error message they can't solve becase **O.M.G.** it is so frustrating!
 
 I know (read: hope) I'm not the only person who yells at my screen at the error message saying **"WHY AREN'T YOU WORKING?"**.  It's usually not long after that I google best way to deal with coding frustration (just kidding... maybe). All jokes aside, since high school I've been doing logic puzzles, riddles and brain teasers for fun, and I always find myself getting lost in a puzzle when I can't figure it out. Coding is a lot like that for me, I actually haven't done any logic puzzles or brain teasers since I've started the program because I've been getting what I enjoy about these puzzles from coding. Honestly, from what I've experienced so far, it makes me feel like coding was made specifically for me. I'm really happy I made the leap because I've enjoyed it. 
 
 Even though I had a rough week and had a really hard time understanding a concept: googling and reaching out to fellow students really helped me pass two labs within the module I was struggling with; and WOW did I feel satisfied after figuring out the errors (think: pimple popping level satisfaction). I need to remember learning to code isn't going to be easy, but it's definitely going to be worth it. On that note, I'm going to work on my next lab and deal with the neverending cycle of emotions that come with coding lol. Until next time!
